Okay. So we were talking about, do you like camping?
I did like, uhm, two years ago.
I went to, my friends started taking me.
Well, I went glamping first. I think that was a transition.
into hardcore camping.
Oh wait, glamping is in the...
RV and you have your water, electricity.
Transition in haha. And like, glabbing.
Yeah, and then, but starting.
Um. That was 2019 right before the pandemic.
And then after the pandemic, I started doing regular camping, you know.
to pitch a tent.
Yes, no RV whatsoever.
And then it was all... Um.
Like no electricity.
No running water.
that you have to go to a different facility to take a shower type stuff.
Yeah, and then the last camping I went was Death Valley.
And we didn't even have water.
like a facility that we can go to so it was no shower, hahaha.
Like, but i love that...
Yeah, there was like what there was like a little scene
that they provided so you could at least wash your face.
Um. like brush your teeth and stuff like that.
No, because it's deat- Death Valley.
So yeah, I don't trust the water.
Huhahihi *** ****
Hahaha, so. But i
want to go camping with everybody.
Where would you recommend?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Also nearby like a city
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, do,  what kind of?  do you like beach?
or mountains.
Yeah.
Do you want desert area or non-desert area? like.
Yeah. Yeah.
I, I would love to go camping with everybody.
Yah.
I did. Some of them, yes.
And I was wondering if we ever wanted to do a huge family.
to get together again, I feel like
America's side relatives are a lot more...
Travel Savvy.
Right, so I think if
It's easier for us to go and join a cruise over there.
than having them come here.
Because when the Japan side come it's like 100% we have to like
hospitality has drive and none of them can drive
Hahahaha.
Ha ha ha
Oh, oh, so the cruise part is a secret.
And then we just say we'll get together after the cruise.
Oh, that, that's, that's good. Yeah, yeah. I know what you mean.
So which kind? Um.
Have you looked into the cruises in Japan?
Uhum, Yeah. Yeah.
Okay ***
That's amazing.
what, i like.
I'm not really too keen on cruise, but...
The other cruise that I do feel like, oh, I want to try.
would be a river cruise.
Yes, stays on the river so it stops by all major cities.
Europe has a lot of it.
No, no, no, no, no, no.